We knew when we first got married that we would enjoy having a family.
So when we first found out that we were pregnant, we were overjoyed.
When Becky first told me she was pregnant,
it's like a light switch went off in my heart.
Immediately, I felt like a dad.
Instantly, you begin to make plans.
I was like all this love just flooded in.
One day, Becky was feeling a little off and a friend encouraged us to just go see the doctor.
So we did.
And while we were there, they did an ultrasound.
The doctor came back and they said there wasn't a heartbeat anymore.
That was a very difficult moment.
Something I can never forget.
Because all of a sudden, all of you,
those hopes, those dreams, those preparations you are making, they're gone.
This place in your heart that opened up to make room for this child
is now this huge gaping open hole and there's nothing to fill it.
It just is an incredible emptiness.
We didn't know what to do.
But it was a meeting night, so we wanted to go to the meeting.
It felt like the place where Jehovah's Holy Spirit is.
And we wanted to be there because we knew we were not going to be able to survive this on our own strength.
We needed Jehovah.
After people learned that we had lost the baby so many people
shared a little bit of their experiences with me.
Switched me to just feel not alone, for sure.
But Jehovah has also given us some incredible friends, friends that have stuck closer to us than a brother.
Friends that always seem to know when we're having a hard day,
who have prayed with us, who have taken walks with us,
listened, and I know those are expressions Jehovah has given us.
Regaining joy isn't working progress.
There was a particular scripture in personal study that I found very helpful.
It saw 139 where it talks about how there's no where.
That Jehovah can't find us.
There's no darkness that is too dark from Jehovah.
And it felt like such a dark place.
Dwelling on that scripture was something that helped me a lot and gradually bit by bit.
I felt like Jehovah did help me to see beautiful things again.